projects/stat159-fall2016-project1/paper/paper.md, before:

# Abstract
This paper covers how this paper was written, discussing the tools used and the role each tool played in the paper writing process. The tools discussed are: Makefile, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Markdown. Additionally, the paper covers the experience of writing a paper: what resources were used to complete the paper, what parts were easy, what parts were hard, what things got the writer stuck, what parts were the most time consuming, what help the writer required from others, and how much time the entire process took.

# Introduction

How can I track my changes? Is it possible to collaborate on a file without over-writing my partners work? There must be a way for me to make my text cleaner, right? These questions often arise when developing code, collaborating with others, and writing up results. In this paper, these questions will be answered as it is discussed how this paper was written. This paper will not cover how the paper’s content was generated but rather the tools used and the role each tool played in the paper content writing process. 

Although there are many tools that could be used to write a paper, the tools used to write this paper have a distinct benefit in that they’re easy to learn how to use, easy to track, and most notably easy to reproduce. Most of the general public would probably gravitate toward using Microsoft Word or Google Drive to write papers. After all, it’s easy to use and has a spell checker. However, Microsoft Word doesn’t have a way to track changes across versions. Additionally, if one wants to collaborate on a word document, he or she would have to use Google Drive, and then there is the issue over over-writing a fellow collaborators changes. There’s also the issue of formatting. There’s no simplistic way to format a word document either. So what’s the solution? The tools used to write this paper solve these issues and more. These tools are: Makefile, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Markdown. Using these tools, one can easily format, track changes of, collaborate on, merge, and alter the output type of the final content. Additionally, by using these tools, one can create a paper generated in a way that is easily reproducible.

# Discussion

### What is Makefile?

Makefile is…

### What is Git?

Git is …

### What is GitHub?

GitHub is …

### What is pandoc?

Pandoc is…

### What is Markdown?

Markdown is…

### The Paper Writing Experience

Writing this paper demonstrated how useful Markdown, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Makefile can be. When writing prior paper, I’ve always stumbled upon wanting to go back to an old version or making my output prettier and using these tools rather than Microsoft Word solved these issues.
i
# Conclusion

Writing a reproducible paper isn’t as easy as it seems.

Commit message:

added removal of paper.md to clean in Makefile

projects/stat159-fall2016-project1/paper/paper.md, after:

# Abstract
This paper covers how this paper was written, discussing the tools used and the role each tool played in the paper writing process. The tools discussed are: Makefile, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Markdown. Additionally, the paper covers the experience of writing a paper: what resources were used to complete the paper, what parts were easy, what parts were hard, what things got the writer stuck, what parts were the most time consuming, what help the writer required from others, and how much time the entire process took.

# Introduction

How can I track my changes? Is it possible to collaborate on a file without over-writing my partners work? There must be a way for me to make my text cleaner, right? These questions often arise when developing code, collaborating with others, and writing up results. In this paper, these questions will be answered as it is discussed how this paper was written. This paper will not cover how the paper’s content was generated but rather the tools used and the role each tool played in the paper content writing process. 

Although there are many tools that could be used to write a paper, the tools used to write this paper have a distinct benefit in that they’re easy to learn how to use, easy to track, and most notably easy to reproduce. Most of the general public would probably gravitate toward using Microsoft Word or Google Drive to write papers. After all, it’s easy to use and has a spell checker. However, Microsoft Word doesn’t have a way to track changes across versions. Additionally, if one wants to collaborate on a word document, he or she would have to use Google Drive, and then there is the issue over over-writing a fellow collaborators changes. There’s also the issue of formatting. There’s no simplistic way to format a word document either. So what’s the solution? The tools used to write this paper solve these issues and more. These tools are: Makefile, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Markdown. Using these tools, one can easily format, track changes of, collaborate on, merge, and alter the output type of the final content. Additionally, by using these tools, one can create a paper generated in a way that is easily reproducible.

# Discussion

### What is Makefile?

Makefile is…

### What is Git?

Git is …

### What is GitHub?

GitHub is …

### What is pandoc?

Pandoc is…

### What is Markdown?

Markdown is…

### The Paper Writing Experience

Writing this paper demonstrated how useful Markdown, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Makefile can be. When writing prior paper, I’ve always stumbled upon wanting to go back to an old version or making my output prettier and using these tools rather than Microsoft Word solved these issues.
i
# Conclusion

Writing a reproducible paper isn't as easy as it seems. If people don't keep track of their files in an easily accessible way, with good labeling, and version control, telling someone how to reproduce their works exactly will be nearly impossible. If one uses markdown to keep the content of his or her files organized and clean, Git to track the versions of those files, GitHub to store the files in a cloud to be accessed by others, pandoc to automate the file type conversion, and finally Makefile to automate all file concatenation and file type conversion to generate the final output paper, that process of creating that final output paper will have been fully automated and thus reproducible once anyone clones the GitHub repository storing all of the files used to generate the final output paper.
