# Introduction

How can I track my changes? Is it possible to collaborate on a file without over-writing my partners work? There must be a way for me to make my text cleaner, right? These questions often arise when developing code, collaborating with others, and writing up results. In this paper, these questions will be answered as it is discussed how this paper was written. This paper will not cover how the paper’s content was generated but rather the tools used and the role each tool played in the paper content writing process. 

Although there are many tools that could be used to write a paper, the tools used to write this paper have a distinct benefit in that they’re easy to learn how to use, easy to track, and most notably easy to reproduce. Most of the general public would probably gravitate toward using Microsoft Word or Google Drive to write papers. After all, it’s easy to use and has a spell checker. However, Microsoft Word doesn’t have a way to track changes across versions. Additionally, if one wants to collaborate on a word document, he or she would have to use Google Drive, and then there is the issue over over-writing a fellow collaborators changes. There’s also the issue of formatting. There’s no simplistic way to format a word document either. So what’s the solution? The tools used to write this paper solve these issues and more. These tools are: Makefile, Git, GitHub, pandoc, and Markdown. Using these tools, one can easily format, track changes of, collaborate on, merge, and alter the output type of the final content. Additionally, by using these tools, one can create a paper generated in a way that is easily reproducible.

